Adding bounty for a Shopify NFT app (#59)
XRPLBounties/Proposals: open_bounties/0052 Shopify NFT App.md

## Milestones

<!--
Please split the bounty into smaller milestones with individual awards in the following template.
The first milestone should be the core functionality, while the rest can be useful add-ons.

| # | High-Level Description | Details | Proposed Potential Award |
| 1 | ... | ... | $... |

(The proposed amounts from milestones should add up to the amount listed at the top of the bounty proposal)
-->

| # | Description | Details | Proposed Potential Award |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|1| Create | Create a Shopify app that uses XLS-20 NFTs on XRPL to drive sales and engagement for a merchant. Detailed requirements are listed below.| $5,000 |
|2| Launch | Submit and launch the app on the Shopify app store | $5,000 |
|3| Adoption | Get 100+ installs | $5,000 |

**Detailed requirements:**
Merchant dashboard features
- [ ] merchant XRPL account setup
- [ ] create/view/delete XLS-20 NFT on XRPL
  - Create campaign with properties  
  - [ ] allow specification of start date, end date and redemption limits
  - [ ] associate reward for NFT such as discount, BOGO, free product
  - [ ] included products or collections

>   - [ ] selection for NFTs used in the campaign

Reviewer: What do these two mean? 

(If there's an example of an app which does parts of this, it may be helpful to link the examples)

Author: added more description

>   - [ ] qualifying conditions and (ie. must have 3 specific NFTs)

Reviewer: Seems like there's a missing phrase after `and` here.

Author: Fixed

Merchant storefront features

> - [ ] display widget via app theme extension to connect wallet

Reviewer: If app theme extension is a specific term, could you link to what it means?

Author: Added the link to the required Shopify documentation for app theme extensions.

Such an app would allow merchants to use NFTs in their business, strengthen their communities and explore what Web3 has to offer. It would also expose them to  the speed and efficiency of using XRPL.

## Awards Available
This bounty can have up to 3 Shopify apps that help merchants utilize XLS-20.

## Milestones

<!--
Please split the bounty into smaller milestones with individual awards in the following template.
The first milestone should be the core functionality, while the rest can be useful add-ons.

| # | High-Level Description | Details | Proposed Potential Award |
| 1 | ... | ... | $... |

(The proposed amounts from milestones should add up to the amount listed at the top of the bounty proposal)
-->

| # | Description | Details | Proposed Potential Award |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|1| Create | Create a Shopify app that uses XLS-20 NFTs on XRPL to drive sales and engagement for a merchant. Detailed requirements are listed below.| $5,000 |
|2| Launch | Submit and [launch the app on the Shopify app store](https://shopify.dev/apps/store/review) | $5,000 |
|3| Adoption | Get 100+ installs | $5,000 |

> |4| Education (optional) | Open source repo for a Shopify app that utilizes XLS-20 NFTs. This can be a barebones version of your app or an entirely different idea | $2,000 |

Reviewer: I'd recommend making this a bit more specific so that we don't have people give something that's not useful and get frustrated when we don't want to pay for it. 

Specifically I'd recommend: 
```suggestion
|4| Education (optional) | Open source repo for a Shopify app that at a minimum allows creating/viewing/deleting XLS-20 NFTs. This can be a barebones version of your app or an entirely different idea, but should serve as a teaching tool for other Shopify developers. | $2,000 |
```
